Fireflies.ai is the #1 AI voice assistant -- automating note-taking, making meetings searchable, and turning voice into action & insights. It integrates into Zoom, Google Meet, and all major web-conferencing platforms. Fireflies is trusted by over 20M users across 500k+ companies worldwide. This year, Ramp recognized Fireflies as the 6th most popular AI platform behind OpenAI, Midjourney and Anthropic. Chances are you’ve seen Fireflies in one of your meetings!

As a Full Stack Engineer( Backend), you'll be expected to work directly on our product. We expect you to write well-architected, tested, secure, and scalable code as part of a team of a few other engineers. You'll have a lot of autonomy over your schedule and you'll work together with product managers, designers, and front-end engineers to solve common goals.

We value your skills and abilities more than your resume. Here's what we look for:

Qualities we look for:

You have the raw intellectual horsepower and the ability to learn quickly
You contribute to open source (share your GitHub)
You have experience working on apps that have supported 10,000+ concurrent users
You can design and build scalable infrastructure
You have experience with real-time apps that use something like OT or CRDT (ref)
You understand sound architecture principles and can build end-to-end
Meaningful time spent as a Senior engineer or higher
Passion for productivity tools and supporting power users


Values that are important to us:

You should be a great communicator and culture maintainer.
Take a look at our culture document
You're data-driven and customer-focused
You value fast & incremental engineering cycles
You maintain design excellence and minimize complexity
You measure your results & automate when possible
You get 10% better at something every week
You have an internal compass and take accountability & initiative
We value overcommunication, candid feedback and a results-driven culture

Perks and benefits :

Competitive compensation
Work remotely from anywhere
Opportunities to move laterally within a team and grow rapidly
Paid time off and flexible leave policy
A "no boss" culture that empowers you to take ownership
Flexible working hours to fit your lifestyle
LGBTQ+ friendly
Fun international offsite to connect and recharge
Tech reimbursements to support your work